[oneDPL] Create a subsection for is_execution_policy type trait (#567)
uxlfoundation/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDPL/source/parallel_api/execution_policies.rst

Return a policy object constructed from ``policy``, with a new kernel name provided as the template
argument. If no policy object is provided, the new policy is constructed from ``dpcpp_default``.

Execution Policy Type Trait
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

oneDPL provides type trait utilities to detect at compile time its execution policy types for the purpose of
function overload resolution:

.. code:: cpp

  // Defined in <oneapi/dpl/execution>

  namespace oneapi {

>     namespace dpl {

Reviewer: Considering we are encouraging people to use the version at `oneapi::dpl::`, should we list that one before going one level deeper into `oneapi::dpl::execution::`?

At a quick glance, a user may just use the first version which is listed, and not read the note below.

Author: Why not; reordered.

      template <class T>
      inline constexpr bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy<T>::value;

    }
  }

``oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy`` and ``oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy`` must be treated as name aliases
to the same class template. It is unspecified in which namespace the underlying class template and its specializations
are defined.

``is_execution_policy<T>`` must have the characteristics of ``std::true_type`` if ``T`` is one of the above specified
or implementation-defined execution policy types, otherwise it must have the characteristics of ``std::false_type``.
Following the C++ Standard, ``is_execution_policy<T>`` does not automatically strip references and cv-qualifiers 
from its template argument and should be used with ``std::decay<T>`` or similar type transformation utilities.

.. note::
   The ``oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy`` class originated in the oneDPL specification version 1.0,
   while ``oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy`` has been added later to better align with the C++ standard.
   
   For new code, use of the type trait utilities in ``namespace oneapi::dpl`` is strongly recommended.

>    Those in ``namespace oneapi::dpl::execution`` are provided for backward compatibility and might get deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Those in ``namespace oneapi::dpl::execution`` are provided for backward compatibility and may be deprecated in the future.
```

Author: Applied.

Return a policy object constructed from ``policy``, with a new kernel name provided as the template
argument. If no policy object is provided, the new policy is constructed from ``dpcpp_default``.

.. _exec-policy-type-trait:

Execution Policy Type Trait
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

oneDPL provides type trait utilities to detect its execution policy types at compile time for the purpose of
function overload resolution:

.. code:: cpp

  // Defined in <oneapi/dpl/execution>

  namespace oneapi {
    namespace dpl {

      template <class T>
      struct is_execution_policy { /*see below*/ };

      template <class T>

>       constexpr bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy<T>::value;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      inline constexpr bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy<T>::value;
```

Author: It's a template, `inline` should not be needed. See the standard (https://eel.is/c++draft/execution.syn):
```
namespace std {
  // [[execpol.type]](https://eel.is/c++draft/execpol.type), execution policy type trait
  template<class T> struct is_execution_policy;
  template<class T> constexpr bool [is_execution_policy_v](https://eel.is/c++draft/execution.syn#lib:is_execution_policy_v) = is_execution_policy<T>::value;
}
```

Author: OK, seems `inline` is necessary for C++!7/20. Thanks, I will get it back.

>       constexpr inline bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy<T>::value;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      inline constexpr bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy<T>::value;
```

I prefer that order because this is the way it's defined in C++ standard. I don't want to hold this PR because of that issue but if you decide to change it the way I am suggesting, please ping me and I approve this patch once again.

Author: No problem, I will do it. No re-approval is needed, thanks.

      namespace execution {

        template <class T>
        struct is_execution_policy { /*see below*/ };

        template <class T>

>         constexpr bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy<T>::value;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        inline constexpr bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy<T>::value;
```

Author: Same here.

      }
    }
  }

``oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy`` and ``oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy`` must be treated as name aliases

> to the same class template. It is unspecified in which namespace the underlying class template and its specializations
> are defined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to the same class template. It is unspecified, which namespace the underlying class template and its specializations
are defined in.
```

Author: Spellcheckers do not complain :), so I will keep this intact.

Reviewer 2: Sure, this is small suggestion. As far as I understand "_preposition_ + which" is consider to be poorer English. More common use is "bla-bla, _which_ <some words> + <_proposition_ at the end>. Again, not proposing to change that but for my curiosity we could summon a native speaker. @danhoeflinger, could you please share your opinion?

Author: I searched for clarification on this, and I have found that "preposition + which" is considered not poorer but more formal English.

Reviewer: I agree that "in which" is more formal (but a bit awkward), and "which ... in" is less formal, and a "dangling preposition" https://www.thefreedictionary.com/Dangling-Prepositions.htm which is a classic English grammar issue.

I was trying to rephrase to avoid the problem, but I think it may make it less clear.

"The location of the underlying class template definition and its specializations is left unspecified."

Author: Thanks Dan, I like the last suggestion, will apply.

Reviewer 2: > "It is unspecified, which namespace contains the underlying class template definition and its specializations."

I also like that.

> ... not poorer but more formal English.

Thanks for clarification

.. note::
   The ``oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy`` class originated in the oneDPL specification version 1.0,
   while ``oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy`` has been added later to better align with the C++ standard.
   

>    For writing new code, use of the type trait utilities in ``namespace oneapi::dpl`` is strongly recommended. Those

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For a new code, use of the type trait utilities in ``namespace oneapi::dpl`` is highly encouraged. Those
```

Author: Made a similar change.

   in ``namespace oneapi::dpl::execution`` are provided for backward compatibility and may be deprecated in the future.

``is_execution_policy<T>`` must have the characteristics of ``std::true_type`` if ``T`` is one of the above specified or

> implementation-defined oneDPL execution policy types, otherwise it must have the characteristics of ``std::false_type``.

Reviewer 2: What's the point of this super generic and kind of vague wording?

I specifically mean "_is one of the above specified or implementation-defined oneDPL execution policy types_".

Author: Compare with the C++ standard wording:
> `is_execution_policy<T>` is a Cpp17UnaryTypeTrait with a base characteristic of `true_type` if `T` is the type of a standard or implementation-defined execution policy, otherwise `false_type`.

It is assumed that an implementation can define additional policy types, for which the trait also resolves to `true_type`.

Reviewer 2: I see. Given that this is a specification, we allow the implementations of oneDPL spec to have their own _implementation-defined_ execution policies, if they will.

Thanks.

Return a policy object constructed from ``policy``, with a new kernel name provided as the template
argument. If no policy object is provided, the new policy is constructed from ``dpcpp_default``.

.. _exec-policy-type-trait:

Execution Policy Type Trait
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> oneDPL provides type trait utilities to detect at compile time its execution policy types for the purpose of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
oneDPL provides type trait utilities to detect its execution policy types at compile-time for the purpose of
```
Just a stylistic change. I feel it sounds more natural English-wise. Native speakers could help here :) And also not sure whether "compile-time" should be spelled via "-". That's how I usually spell it and how cppreference spells it

Author: Thanks, I will apply. The hyphen is not needed here, but would be needed if it was a compound adjective, like in "compile-time dispatch".

function overload resolution:

.. code:: cpp

  // Defined in <oneapi/dpl/execution>

  namespace oneapi {
    namespace dpl {

      template <class T>
      struct is_execution_policy { /*see below*/ };

      template <class T>
      inline constexpr bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy<T>::value;

      namespace execution {

        template <class T>
        struct is_execution_policy { /*see below*/ };

        template <class T>
        inline constexpr bool is_execution_policy_v = oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy<T>::value;

      }

    }
  }

``oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy`` and ``oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy`` must be treated as name aliases
to the same class template. It is unspecified in which namespace the underlying class template and its specializations
are defined.

``is_execution_policy<T>`` must have the characteristics of ``std::true_type`` if ``T`` is one of the above specified
or implementation-defined execution policy types, otherwise it must have the characteristics of ``std::false_type``.
Following the C++ Standard, ``is_execution_policy<T>`` does not automatically strip references and cv-qualifiers 

> from its template argument and should be used with ``std::decay<T>`` or similar type transformation utilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from its template argument.
```
It not a direct suggestion, it's a question. Is it a part of the spec? I would just drop it, honestly

Author: > Is it a part of the spec?

Which spec do you mean? If C++ - no, there is nothing said about stripping references etc.
My intent is to give some usage hint for `is_execution_policy` as it might not be obvious that in practice it requires `decay`, `remove_cvref` etc. to work correctly.

> from its template argument. [*Note*: Use it with ``std::decay_t<T>`` or similar type transformation utilities. -- *end note*]

Reviewer: Optional: It is a little strange to have this inline note directly followed by a multi-line note.
I think it may be better to either remove the note descriptor and wrapping and just tag on to the previous sentence: " and is best used in combination with ``std::decay_t<T>'' or similar type transformation utilities"
 -or-
 We can remove this note from the spec in favor of some similar advice in the oneDPL documentation.  We may be able to assume some level of sophistication of someone reading this specification, where the previous sentence implies this note.

Author: I reordered things in the subsection, which addressed this concern.

.. note::
   The ``oneapi::dpl::execution::is_execution_policy`` class originated in the oneDPL specification version 1.0,
   while ``oneapi::dpl::is_execution_policy`` has been added later to better align with the C++ standard.
   

>    For new code, use of the type trait utilities in ``namespace oneapi::dpl`` is strongly recommended. Those

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For a new code, use of the type trait utilities in ``namespace oneapi::dpl`` is strongly recommended. Those
```
Or "the"

Author: Do you think "code" is countable? :) To me, it's like "water" or "air" :)

Reviewer: Between the two options, I prefer the original.  It could also be stated like 
"When writing new code,... "
